Explain the _create an admin step_ of the tutorial (#9371)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/getting_started/tutorial.md

```sh
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

> When this command is exceuted it prompts the user to add a username, email and password.
> 
> Note that when typing the password, the text remains unseen by the user because it's written in a command line interface. 
> The login details used here will be used to access the admin site, which gives you a superuser permission to view/create/manage the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will prompt you to create a new superuser account with full permissions. Note the password text won’t be visible when typed, for security reasons. 
```

Author: Your changes are okay. there's no need for too much ambiguity. let's leave like this. @thibaudcolas
